Docs for sc peripheral - state lighting, null texture, extra crafting features (#11)
SwitchCraftCC/sc-docs: src/features/sc-peripherals.md

- Print models are more efficiently cached, so chunks with lots of identical prints will only bake the print model once
    - Note that this is not the be-all and end-all of performance, there may still be a lot of vertex data to upload to
      the chunk

> - Prints can be crafted with beacon base blocks, honey block and glowstone items for additional features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prints can be crafted with beacon base blocks, honey blocks, and glowstone dust or blocks for additional features.
```

#### Example

> All arguments except for `shapesOff`, `shapesOn`, `bounds` are optional.

Reviewer 2: "`shapesOn` and `bounds` "would be more gramatically correct whether or not you decide to add the oxford comma is up to you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All arguments except for `shapesOff`, `shapesOn`, and `bounds` are optional.
```
